Define neo colonialism (#360)
tatianamac/selfdefined: 11ty/definitions/colonialism.md

---

> title: colonialism

Reviewer: To prevent messy PRs, will you please delete this file in the PR? That way we are addressing any of its edits in its own PR (which you've already done).

This PR should only update neo-colonialism. Thank you!

Author: @tatianamac this is done! Also did it while listening to your talk :) Always fabulous!

Reviewer: 😭😭😭 You're too kind to me!!!

slug: colonialism
speech: noun
excerpt: the act of enforcing one's political and ideological dominance in a country or region that is not of one's origin
sub_terms:

>     - text: modern
>     full_title: modern colonialism
>     - text: settler
>     full_title: settler colonialism
>     - text: Western
>     full_title: Western colonialism
> defined: true
> reading:
>     - text: A brief context of colonialism
>       href: https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/colonialism/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
skip_in_table_of_content: true
defined: true
reading:
  - text: A brief context of colonialism
    href: https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/colonialism/
```

Because this term is technically a "sub-term" of another term, it gets skipped in the table of contents using this front matter line.
